Segment Terraform (#5444)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/guides/intro-impl.md

If you're seeing errors thrown by your destinations, you might have an implementation issue. See the [Integration Error Codes list](/docs/connections/integration_error_codes/) or [contact our Success engineering team](https://segment.com/help/contact/) for help.

> success ""

> > Have suggestions for things to add to this guide? [Drop us a line](mailto:docs-feedback@segment.com?subject=Segment%20Dev%20guide%20Suggestion)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Have suggestions for things to add to this guide? [Drop us a line](mailto:docs-feedback@segment.com?subject=Segment%20Dev%20guide%20Suggestion).
```

## Segment Terraform Provider

> info ""
> Segment Terraform is currently in the pilot phase and is governed by Segment’s [First Access and Beta Preview Terms](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/tos){:target="_blank"}.

> Segment is a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/){:target="_blank"} provider where you can use Terraform to manage Segment resources and automate cloud deployments and change control. The Public API powers Segment Terraform. Take a look at the [Segment provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/latest/docs){:target="_blank"} on Terraform to see what's supported.

Reviewer: I did some Googling and it looks like a company **_has_** a provider, and isn't considered to **_be_** a provider - not sure if I'm totally off base here though. 

For example, in the [AWS Provider docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs), the first sentence reads: 

_"Use the Amazon Web Services (AWS) provider to interact with the many resources supported by AWS."_ 

In the [Terraform docs about Providers ](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/providers), it looks like Providers are just plugins used to interact with cloud providers, SaaS providers, and other APIs.

```suggestion
Segment has a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/){:target="_blank"} provider, powered by the Public API, that you can use to manage Segment resources and automate cloud deployments and change control. Take a look at the [Segment provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/latest/docs){:target="_blank"} on Terraform to see what's supported.
```

> Segment has a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/){:target="_blank"} provider, powered by the Public API, that you can use to manage Segment resources and automate cloud deployments and change control. Take a look at the [Segment provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/latest/docs){:target="_blank"} on Terraform to see what's supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment has a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/){:target="_blank"} provider, powered by the Public API, that you can use to manage Segment resources, automate cloud deployments, and change control. Take a look at the [Segment provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/latest/docs){:target="_blank"} on Terraform to see what's supported.
```

If you're seeing errors thrown by your destinations, you might have an implementation issue. See the [Integration Error Codes list](/docs/connections/integration_error_codes/) or [contact our Success engineering team](https://segment.com/help/contact/) for help.

> success ""
> Have suggestions for things to add to this guide? [Drop us a line](mailto:docs-feedback@segment.com?subject=Segment%20Dev%20guide%20Suggestion)!

## Segment Terraform Provider

> info ""
> Segment Terraform is currently in the pilot phase and is governed by Segment’s [First Access and Beta Preview Terms](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/tos){:target="_blank"}.

> Segment is a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/){:target="_blank"} provider where you can use Terraform to manage Segment resources and automate cloud deployments and change control. The Public API powers Segment Terraform and it supports basic Connections and Tracking plans. 

Reviewer 2: I wonder if it's a better idea to not mention what is currently supported since we are actively developing and this will soon be outdated.

Reviewer 2: Or something like check the [docs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/latest/docs) to see what is currently supported.

> Segment is a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/){:target="_blank"} provider where you can use Terraform to manage Segment resources and automate cloud deployments and change control. The Public API powers Segment Terraform and it supports basic Connections and Tracking plans. 

Reviewer 3: +1 on just directing users to the TF link and removing what it supports.  We can keep things simple for now.

Also suggest consolidating this.. e.g. "Get started by accessing[ Segment's Terraform Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/latest/docs)."

> To get started with the Segment Terraform Provider, see the [Segment Terraform github repo](https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-provider-segment){:target="_blank"}. You can also access Segment on the [Terraform registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/0.0.2){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer 2: Typically terraform providers are installed by defining the provider in a .tf file, not through github. Maybe we prioritize the TF registry link instead of the github link? The github link is also accessible through the TF page.

> To get started with the Segment Terraform Provider, see the [Segment Terraform github repo](https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-provider-segment){:target="_blank"}. You can also access Segment on the [Terraform registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/segmentio/segment/0.0.2){:target="_blank"}.

Author: ```suggestion
```
